# transfer_learning_on_WSI
<h2> Transfer Learning Approach for Classification of Histopathology Whole Slide Images </h2>

The goal of this research is to develop a transfer learning framework for histopathological image analysis based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and as well as to assess the usefulness for automated analysis of Whole Slide Images (WSIs). It provides physicians with an accurate analysis of diseases and helps them to treat the patients effectively, and also leading to more effective medical decisions. Deep Learning (DL) has made significant advances in the medical industry, including the use of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans, Computerized Tomography (CR) scans, and ECGs to detect life-threatening diseases, including heart disease, cancer, and brain tumors. However, more advancement in the field of pathology is needed, and the main hurdle for the slow progress is the shortage of large-labeled datasets of histopathology images for training CNN models. The Kimia Path24 dataset was particularly created for the classification and retrieval of histopathology images. It contains 1,325 histopathology patches for the test set and 22,590 histopathology patches in the training set with 24 tissue texture classes. To improve the productivity of Inception-V3 and VGG-16, we used a deep learning method concentrated on training pre-trained networks from scratch to classify histopathology images in 24 classes. So far, we have achieved the highest results for both models with an accuracy of 79.90% for Inception-V3 and 77.41% for VGG16.    

The model and scripts will be shared soon. 
